chore(ci): Remove checking author in PRs (#2003)
AssemblyScript/assemblyscript: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

⯈
⯈

- [ ] I've read the contributing guidelines

> - [ ] I've added my name and email into NOTICE file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I've added my name and email to the NOTICE file
```
